README.md, before:

Project - "Profitcoin"
=========================

PROFITCON is a Navigator in the cryptocurrency world. The application will help you to track changes in the value of cryptocurrencies, make a portfolio with your coins.

In the app you can find all the popular cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin (Bitcoin), Ethereum, Ripple, Litecoin, IOTA, Cardano, Stellar and many others.

Data on the current value of cryptocurrencies are collected automatically, based on the CoinMarketCap service rates. The application displays the current rate and the corresponding balance of the user's assets.

Pre-requisites
--------------
Android SDK 27

Android Build Tools v27.1.1

Android Support Repository

Getting Started
---------------

These samples use the Gradle build system.

First download the samples by cloning this repository or downloading an archived
snapshot. (See the options at the top of the page.)

In Android Studio, use the "Import non-Android Studio project" or 
"Import Project" option. Next select one of the sample directories that you downloaded from this
repository.
If prompted for a gradle configuration accept the default settings. 

Alternatively use the "gradlew build" command to build the project directly.

Support
-------
Patches are encouraged, and may be submitted by forking this project and submitting a pull request through GitHub. 

License
-------
Copyright 2018 Erdem Tsynduev

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations und

Commit message:

docs: Update README.md, add Features

README.md, after:

Project - "Profitcoin"
=========================

PROFITCON is a Navigator in the cryptocurrency world. The application will help you to track changes in the value of cryptocurrencies, make a portfolio with your coins.

In the app you can find all the popular cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin (Bitcoin), Ethereum, Ripple, Litecoin, IOTA, Cardano, Stellar and many others.

Data on the current value of cryptocurrencies are collected automatically, based on the CoinMarketCap service rates. The application displays the current rate and the corresponding balance of the user's assets.

Features
--------------

⦁	Make your portfolio of your favorite coins

⦁	Follow all popular cryptocurrencies

⦁	View, sort, and filter the price change on the Catalog screen

⦁	View a detailed description of the coins

⦁	Search for any altcoins one character among the entire list

Pre-requisites
--------------
Android SDK 27

Android Build Tools v27.1.1

Android Support Repository

Getting Started
---------------

These samples use the Gradle build system.

First download the samples by cloning this repository or downloading an archived
snapshot. (See the options at the top of the page.)

In Android Studio, use the "Import non-Android Studio project" or 
"Import Project" option. Next select one of the sample directories that you downloaded from this
repository.
If prompted for a gradle configuration accept the default settings. 

Alternatively use the "gradlew build" command to build the project directly.

Support
-------
Patches are encouraged, and may be submitted by forking this project and submitting a pull request through GitHub. 

License
-------
Copyright 2018 Erdem Tsynduev

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations und
